February 12, 2021
Meeting with TA notes:

We went over our JIRA board with our TA.
He suggested that we rename out sprints to show a clear order of how we will do them.
He also suggested that we change the dates of our sprints and epics to fit more with the project deadline.
He said that we need to add story points to our user stories, as we do not have them allocated at this time.
He said that we need to assign people to the stories that they do, as right now they are assigned reltively randomly.
He also said that we need to be more descriptive about what each sprint/epic/story is about.
Finally, he suggested that we start to add tutorials to the repository and use this week to learn how we are going to implement our app.

Notes taken by: Jack Gentleman
